1) I am currently developing an AI-based legal system where I have already tackled a similar document analysis challenge. 
2) Standard OCR algorithms will perform poorly on such tasks because all OCR technologies are probabilistic.
This may be acceptable in less demanding scenarios, but not in the legal field (like mine) or when dealing with precise numerical business data (like yours).
For example, mistaking `1` for `7` in `1234` increases the margin of error to 700%, which is clearly at a business-critical level.
3) I solved this problem by applying modern AI models, using 2 main approaches:  
3.1) Full semantic analysis of the document and its context: This allows me to detect and correct logical inconsistencies in the initial OCR output.  
A good example is your Bill of Lading samples. 
The Caljet’s Bill of Lading has a handwritten code at the bottom (which seems to be something like a Weight Ticket Code).  
The author originally wrote `376021`, then overwrote the first digit, changing it from `3` to `5`.  
No standard OCR (nor even a human) could be sure which digit was intended.  
However, the same code, in the same handwriting, appears in the Kinder Morgan’s Bill of Lading, where it is clearly written as `5`.  
From this context, it is clear that the correct digit in the Caljet document is actually `5`.  
Without contextual understanding, no OCR tool can solve such problems.  
A robust AI is required to handle context.  
3.2) Cross-validation: multiple AI models collaboratively review each other’s outputs. Where their results diverge, a human intermediary steps in to make the final call, and that human decision is incorporated back into the AI training pipeline.  
4) As of December 2024, I solve these tasks using two AI model APIs:  
4.1) OpenAI `o1-2024-12-17`
4.2) Anthropic `claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022` 
5)  
5.1) Anthropic’s model is better at the initial parsing of the document: converting it from a PDF or image into a structured, AI-friendly format (usually Markdown).  
5.2) OpenAI’s model is better at reasoning:  
*) It has a better understanding of semantics and context.  
*) It makes more accurate inferences    
*) It is better at acting as a reviewer   
6) I tried attaching examples of how my solution parses your Bills of Lading to my message, but Upwork's moderation system is not allowing them through because it thinks I am sharing my phone numbers. 
So, I can send these examples in another way.
7) I originally developed my solution for my own (legal) use cases, so there may be some inaccuracies in your Bills of Lading.  
Of course, I will adapt and refine my solution specifically for your tasks.