1) First, for clarity, I will formulate what you surely know: the data you need are not publicly available.
1.1) SEER, NCDB, the Canadian Cancer Society, CIHI will not give you data on individual hospitals (although they have them).
1.2) Collecting fragmentary data from scientific articles is absolutely not serious: it will not cover even 1% of hospitals.
1.3) Some progressive US states release certain data:
1.3.1) California.
There, by reviewing the records of the Department of Health Care Access and Information (HCAI), it is possible to estimate the approximate frequency of surgical procedures for thyroid oncology in California and to correlate hospital performance through secondary metrics (e.g., readmissions or complications).
1.3.2) New York
Through SPARCS, it is possible to evaluate the volume of thyroid cancer surgery at a given hospital.
1.3.3) Florida
Through AHCA, it is possible to obtain summaries by individual hospitals and determine how many surgeries are associated with a specific diagnosis/code.
1.3.4) Pennsylvania
Through PHC4 it is possible to evaluate how many patients with a specific diagnosis were treated at a specific hospital.
2) The data you want are available at a cost: it is collected by companies whose main business is collecting and selling such data: commercial medical data aggregators (IQVIA, Optum, Definitive Healthcare, Premier Healthcare Database, Komodo Health).
Access to these data will cost you at least tens, and more likely, hundreds of thousands of dollars.
All medical projects in the US and Canada are always expensive, and there is no room for small budget companies in 2025.
3) Insurance companies and hospitals themselves provide data to commercial aggregators, but they will not even consider dealing with you directly (also due to HIPAA).
---
I have completed 532 projects here on Upwork.
My GitHub profiles: https://github.com/dmitrii-fediuk and https://github.com/mage2pro
My websites: https://df.tips?order=views and https://mage2.pro?order=views